Write a 2000-words article on '2023 Tour de France'

The 2023 Tour de France is set to be one of the most exciting editions in recent memory. With a new route that takes in some of the most iconic climbs in cycling, as well as a number of new teams and riders, there is plenty to look forward to. In this article, we will take a closer look at some of the key storylines heading into the race, as well as some of the riders who are likely to challenge for victory.

First and foremost, it is important to note that the 2023 Tour de France will be the first edition of the race to take place since the COVID-19 pandemic began. While the 2020 and 2021 races were both held without fans in attendance, the 2023 race will see a return to normalcy, with spectators allowed to line the streets and cheer on their favorite riders. This is sure to make for an electric atmosphere, and will no doubt add to the excitement of what promises to be a thrilling race.

Another major change for the 2023 Tour de France is the route itself. The organizers have opted for a more traditional approach, with a number of classic climbs featuring prominently throughout the course. One of the most notable inclusions is the Col du Tourmalet, which has been a regular feature of the race for many years. Other famous climbs such as the Alpe d'Huez, Mont Ventoux, and the Galibier will also make an appearance, ensuring that the race will be as challenging as ever.

In addition to these iconic climbs, the 2023 Tour de France will also include a number of new routes and stages. For example, the race will start in Brussels, Belgium, before heading south through France. There will also be a stage that finishes in the Pyrenees, as well as another that ends in the Jura Mountains. These new stages are sure to provide plenty of drama and excitement, and will give riders the opportunity to showcase their skills on some of the most challenging terrain in the world.

One of the biggest storylines heading into the 2023 Tour de France is the battle between the two dominant teams in the sport: Team Sky and BMC Racing. Both teams have been incredibly successful in recent years, with Team Sky winning the last six Tours de France and BMC taking home the title in 2016. However, with a number of changes to the rosters of both teams, it remains to be seen whether either team will be able to maintain their dominance.

For Team Sky, the departure of Chris Froome due to injury means that they will be relying on Egan Bernal to lead their charge. Bernal is just 22 years old, but he has already shown that he is capable of competing with the best riders in the world. He won the Tour de France last year, becoming the youngest winner in the history of the race. However, he will face stiff competition from his rivals, including defending champion Geraint Thomas and four-time winner Chris Froome.

BMC Racing, meanwhile, will be looking to bounce back after a disappointing 2018 season. They will be led by Richie Porte, who finished second at the Tour de France last year. Porte is a strong climber, and will be hoping to go one better than he did in 2018. However, he will face stiff competition from the likes of Tom Dumoulin and Romain Bardet, who are both capable of challenging for the overall win.

Another interesting subplot heading into the 2023 Tour de France is the battle between the two American teams, EF Education First and Trek-Segafredo. Both teams have been making waves in recent years, with EF Education First winning the Vuelta a España in 2018 and Trek-Segafredo finishing second at the Giro d'Italia in 2017. Both teams will be hoping to make their mark on the Tour de France, and will be looking to their leaders - Rigoberto Uran and Bauke Mollema respectively - to lead them to success.

Of course, the 2023 Tour de France will not just be about the big names and the big teams. There are a number of other riders who will be hoping to make their mark on the race, and who could potentially challenge for the overall win. For example, there is the young Frenchman Julian Alaphilippe, who has already shown that he is capable of mixing it with the best riders in the world. He won the Strade Bianche earlier this year, and finished third at the Paris-Nice stage race. Another rider to watch out for is the Italian Vincenzo Nibali, who has won all three Grand Tours and is always a threat when the racing gets tough.

Ultimately, though, the 2023 Tour de France is likely to come down to a battle between the two dominant teams, Team Sky and BMC Racing. Both teams have the firepower to challenge for the overall win, and both will be hoping to come out on top. It is sure to be a thrilling race, and one that will be remembered for years to come.